Support the Wireshark plugin for more Wireshark distributions (#183)
apache/pulsar-client-cpp: wireshark/README.md

$ sudo apt install wireshark-dev
```

### Build from source

Run the following commands in this subdirectory.

```shell
cmake -B build
cmake --build build
```

Then the `pulsar-dissector.so` plugin will be created under the `build-wireshark` directory.

### Copy to the plugin directory

> Run the Wireshark, then click the menu `Help - About Wireshark - Plugins`, you will find the plugin directory. For example, it's `/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/wireshark/plugins/3.2/epan` on Ubuntu 20.04. Then, copy the dissector into that directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the Wireshark and click **Help - About Wireshark - Plugins**, and then you can find the plugin directory. For example, it's `/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/wireshark/plugins/3.2/epan` on Ubuntu 20.04. 

2. Copy the dissector into that directory.

```
In technical writing, we usually use bold for menus. Details see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit?pli=1#bookmark=kix.m5ccxnsf33mu

```bash
sudo cp ./build/pulsar-dissector.so /usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/wireshark/plugins/3.2/epan/
```

> To verify it has been loaded successfully, restart the Wireshark, you will see the plugin in the plugin list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify whether it has been loaded successfully, restart the Wireshark and then you can see the plugin in the plugin list:
```
